All right guys.
Now that we have our collections overview let's actually put it in a root.
So what we'll do is import root from react root or Dom
and instead of just rendering our component like this let's render a root where the component goes to
our collection overview and what we'll say is when the exact path is equal to.
And now what we want is to actually display the current path that we're on right.
Because our shop page is also a rooted component.
Now in order to do this what we have to do instead of restructuring collections which we actually should
remove accidentally this is still there.
We know that we have access to the match object because inside of our app J.S. are shot page is being
nested in a root and root automatically passes those three objects in to our component as prompts we
get match location and history and we want match because we want to display.
And here we're going use string interpolation Match dot part and let's just log it to see what matched
that path actually gives us back so let's return this let's console log match
we see that path is on slash shop right.
And we want this because we want to know what's the current path that we're matching.
So we get to our shop page and we want the shop page path because we got to build our roots off of this
one right.
And we don't actually know where our shop page is currently.
Our shop page only cares that the next path which is slash category will be after wherever it's currently
placed on the path.
Now what does that mean well before we actually do that.
Let's actually build our collection page.
So what we need is to build the actual page component so inside of our pages we need a new folder called
category and inside we will have our category Dog component dodgy OSX as well as category dot styles.
Does
and what we need in our category page we've got to import react from react
and then we need to import in our style sheet now as you remember from our final application.
It's going to look remarkably similar to our collections overview.
We're just going to use the same collection item.
We also got a pull in our respective shopped item category.
Right.
So let's actually do that.
So what we'll do is we'll import in collection item which is our component that displays our items and
then we're going to set our contest category
equals a component that renders out a div and inside that div we have a class name of collection or
sorry category and then we'll have our H two and we'll just say category page for now.
And let's export this out
let's import this into our shop component.
Now I mentioned earlier that we need to nest our route.
So what does that mean well.
This is actually going to be interesting because what we want is our collection to dynamically pluck
off the right category from our reducer so that it knows which ones to display when you're on the right
page right.
Because when you're on the hats you want all the hats.
We don't want all of the other items like for jackets and men's and sneakers and women's.
We don't want any of that.
We just want the ones related to the category or on.
So what we're going to do is we're actually going to tell our route that the route name is going to
be a parameter.
So you see how it's a slash hats or slash jackets.
Well we want to actually be able to access the string that's in our U.R.L. so we can use it to determine
which item we want to fetch and this is going to be a little bit different from how are typically used
to writing.
So here's how it'll go.
We're going to say path equals right and then we're going to string interpolation again because we want
our matched path.
Right.
So we want to say we don't really know what route we're on up until this point.
Right that our shop page could be we know that we've coded it so that our RF gas is slash shop that
takes us to shop page but in reality if we move it around we don't want to have to have our shop page
like let's say we hardcoded in for example slash shop we don't want to do that because then we'd have
to manually think about where our shop pages and our shop page doesn't need to be aware of what route
it's actually on.
And that's how we circumvents it with matched path.
And now we can chain on it using colon we say category I.D. Now what this does is it actually allows
us to access this category I.D. as a parameter on the match object when we're inside of our category
page so I'll show you that actually.
And this is actually what makes it really cool and really easy for us to do this
so we know that we're going to our category page and then inside of our category page component we know
we have access to match because again matches root is what our category page is being put into a row
component which gives us access to a match object and now if we were to log
we will see that when we go to slash That's right here we see that we get this object.
That's what we're logging our match.
And you see inside this piranhas we actually get the category item which is the string that we're currently
on our You are all from and this is super handy because if we want your all parameters that are dynamic
inside of our You are all we will just do it like this with this colon as we saw when we wrote our path
inside of our route and this gives us access in the parameter and we're telling react router dom that
this route we want it to have parameters.
Right.
And that's the parameter that we want to link to.
So now what we can do is we can actually pull that off of match stop her rounds dot category.
Right.
Which is what we called it and then using this parameter we can then pass it into our selector but I'll
show you how to do that in the next lesson.